Transparency translation, errors. Think of documentation like building a sturdy
house if it isn't written down. It didn't happen. Clear documents. Prevent Lost
in Translation errors and keep everyone aligned your documentation checklist
tasks to complete managers. Here are your key tasks for Clear, documentation,
one one-to-one documentation, use templates to track action items and history.
Imagine a simple form you fill out after every one to one two slack
Norms Define clear response, time expectations, during working hours, example,
respond to Urgent messages within one hour. Three who coverage communicate full
out of office who coverage plans before anyone takes leave. Who covers what for
meeting? Protocols to find attendance rules and record meetings for other times
zones. Imagine you're creating a new project plan, what are two key things
you'd make sure to document to prevent confusion hint. Think about who does
what and by when